#summary Guide to keyboard codes on OTHD
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

OK, so the keyboard entry isn't that big of a deal outside of in-game.  Actually it's pretty straightforward.

= Title Screen =

== Super Arcade modes ==
Enter any of the following to play with a special ship in arcade mode (not case-sensitive):
  * Techno
  * Stormwind
  * Unknown
  * Enemy
  * Stealth
  * Weird
  * NortShipZ

== Super Tyrian ==
Enter "Engage" to play Super Tyrian on Lord of Game difficulty.  Enter "EngageS" to play on suicide difficulty instead.

= Difficulty Select =
Enter a "g" to enable Impossible difficulty.  Subsequently, you can then enter "]" to enable Suicide, then "lord" for Lord of Game.

= In-Game =
This is a little more tricky.  Some functions were remapped to provide for ease of entry.

== Basic Controls ==
  * "m" - Mutes/unmutes music
  * "s" - Mutes/unmutes sound
  * "f" - Shuffles music
  * "-" - Changes speed
  * "f1" - Shows in-game help system

== Smoothies ==
  * 1 - Flips the game upside-down; type again to flip it back
  * 2-7 - Changes effects (lava, freeze, wavy, "headlights"
  * 0 - Resets 2-7

== Cheats ==
These are basically the same as before, they just need to be entered as the names of the keys instead of the Functions themselves (example: for Invincibility, type in "f2f3f6").
  * F2-F3-F6 - Invincibility (does not prevent armor from falling, but once you reach zero, you cannot die.
  * F2-F3-F4 - Also invincibility, but this automatically drops your armor to zero (the point?  I don't know)
  * F2-F4-F6-F7-F9-\-/ - Activate NortShipZ
  * F2-F6-F7 - Skip level